Add media source to Immich (#39083)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/immich.markdown

The integration polls data every 60 seconds.

## Media source

> A [media source](integrations/media_source) is provided for your user accessible [Immich](https://immich.app/) albums.

Reviewer: what do you mean by "user accessible albums"?

Author: the whole immich integration is user scoped (_so you can have multiple config entries for the same immich instance, but different users_). This sentence should make clear, that the media source shows only that assets/albums, which are owned by or shared with the user (_those they are accessible for this particular used user_)

Author: any suggestions for improvements are highly welcome, as i'm not a native English speaker 🙈

> A [media source](integrations/media_source) is provided for your user accessible [Immich](https://immich.app/) albums.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [media source](integrations/media_source) is provided for your [Immich](https://immich.app/) albums. It shows only the albums you own or that are shared with you. If you have multiple Immich integrations in Home Assistant (one integration for each Immich user), only the folders for that specific user are shown.
```

Author: ```suggestion
A [media source](integrations/media_source) is provided for your user accessible [Immich](https://immich.app/) albums.  It shows only the albums the user owns or that are shared with them.
```

I would replace the "you" by "the user" as you could have multiple immich integrations in HA. what do you think?

Reviewer: we usually avoid speaking of "the user" and choose a more personal address. I rephrased my suggestion a bit to include more information. What do you think?

Author: sounds better 👍 let's start with this and see if there are complains about in the future 😄
